What is DevOps?

an integration of writing code and maintaining the infrastructure hosting the application

What is Jenkins?

build automation server

Jenkins is a free and open source automation server. Jenkins helps to automate the non-human part of the software development process, 
with continuous integration and facilitating technical aspects of continuous delivery. 
It is a server-based system that runs in servlet containers such as Apache Tomcat.


What is Continuous Integration?

Continous Intergration is checking your code into a centralized repo to see if it integrates properly


What's the difference between continuous delivery and continuous deployment?

Delivery is manual Deployment is automated

Explain the flow of your DevOps pipeline.

Make changes to code
push to git
run application tests
integration tests
acceptance testing
built artifact

What is S3?

Simple object storage service
5000 +TB
secure, durable, highly available
11 9's of durability

can be used for static web hosting
ng build
makes a new dist folder in your project


What is EC2? AMI?

EC2 provides a scalable virtual computing environment

Amazon Machine Image is a template of software which is configured on your EC2 instance

What is IAM?

Identity and Access Management - IAM, you can create and manage AWS users and groups, and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS resources

What is EBS?

Elastic Block Storage provides addional storage to EC2

What is Elastic Load Balancing?

Distributes network traffic automatically

What is the difference between vertical and horizontal scaling?

Vertical adds more resources to existing servers
Horizontal allows more requests

What are Availablity Zones?

AWS provides zones that host networks around the world

Explain the different Cloud Computing Models.

IaaS - Infrastructure as a Service (Built up need to import Application, Data, Runtime, Middleware and half of operating system) Ex. EC2, AWS

PaaS - Platform as a Service (Built up need to import Application and Data) Ex. Elastic BeanStalk

SaaS - Software as a Service (Built up nothing to change) Ex. Browser games?

What is Maven? 

Maven is a build automation tool used primarily for Java projects.

What are Maven's three life cycles?

clean - cleans up artifacts created by prior builds

default - builds artifacts

site -generates site documentation for this project

What are the build phases of the default maven life cycle?

Validate

Compile

Test

Package

Verify

Install

Deploy

What is Scrum?

Complementation of Agile where development is broken down in 2-4 week sprints

functionality is broken down into user stories

product owner manages product backlog and parts which to develop first

sprint retrospective meeting after sprint

Daily Standups

What is Agile?

iterative process which focuses on developing better code
build up project in parts known as sprints


What is Sonar?

Sonar is a real-time protection that detects potentially malicious applications when they run on your computers

What is static code analysis?

Scans our packages evaluating code quality

code smells
	unused imports, generated todo comments, etc

vulnerabilities
	hardcoded credentials
bugs
	not closing resource
	code that can throw exception

Know linux commands and their use

ls - a
ls - la

mv [source][destination] - Move or rename files

pwd print working directory

mkdir make directory
rmdir remove directory

echo > file.txt creates file.txt

sudo - super user do

ng install - ng = angular

npm = node package manager

nano/vim - editting tools

chmod - edits file permissions
